# Webpack/React Bootstrapper

A bootstrapper project with a composed webpack configuration and a minimum React setup.

## HOW TO USE

```
yarn install
yarn start (runs webpack-dev-server)
yarn build (creates a *build* folder -- open the generated index.html)
```

## FEATURES

* **Webpack composed configuration** -- clear separation of concerns in the webpack configuration files:
  * **webpack.parts**: Defines each configuration separately then use them to compose your other configuration files.
  * **webpack.common**: Common configuration for every other configuration file.
  * **webpack.development**: Configuration file used for development.
  * **webpack.production**: Configuration file used for production.
* **JSLinter**: Uses the famous **airbnb** rules to keep your code maintainable.
* **ES2015, ES2016 and ES2017 support**: Babel transpilation with *babel-preset-env* which behaves exactly the same as babel-preset-latest (or babel-preset-es2015,babel-preset-es2016, and babel-preset-es2017 together).
* **CSS with autoprefixer**: PostCSS parses CSS and add vendor prefixes to CSS rules using values from Can I Use. It is recommended by Google and used in Twitter and Taobao.
* **SASS**: Uses *fast-sass-loader* for better performance.
* **Source Mapping**: Makes it easier to debug CSS generated by a pre-processor, such as Sass, directly in the browser.
* **Code Splitting**: Generates a separate bundle for vendor dependencies, taking advantage of the browser cache and improving load time.

## DEPENDENCIES

Besides the obligatory **react** and **react-dom** packages, this project only includes the following additional dependencies:

* **prop-types**: runtime type checking for React props and similar objects.
* **react-css-modules**: implements automatic mapping of CSS modules. Every CSS class is assigned a local-scoped identifier with a global unique name.
